Document GHC-76037 (#110)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-76037/index.md

---

> title: Not In Scope Error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Not in scope
```

> summary:  An identifier is not in scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary:  An identifier is not in scope.
```

> introduced: 9.4.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
introduced: 9.6.1
```

severity: error
---

> An identifier can only be used if it is in scope, i.e. if it is bound or declared previously and that binding/declaration applies to the usage location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An identifier can only be used if it is in scope; i.e. if it is bound or declared previously and that binding/declaration is available at the usage location.
```

I'm not sure, but I think "applies to the usage location" could be adjusted?

Author: Yes, I prefer this description
